:tocdepth: 1

.. _lifestyle_2:

Misery Loves Company!
=====================

.. container:: center

    by :ref:`matt`


I have been through hell for years now. I love my job and have strived to do
the best every day when I walked through the door. I was a manager that would
do every task in the office to completely understand the processes that it took
to achieve greatness. I struggled with managing new projects as they
diversified our portfolio. I needed new processes and people to tackle the
upcoming challenges.

Stress has always been a motivator for me. I knew putting myself in
uncomfortable situations would only challenge me to be a better person, manager
and employee. I am 32 and have managed millions of dollars over the years and
each year felt the weight of budgets and how to achieve their goals. I also had
to deal with discord within our ranks that I have never dealt with before, in
my life.

Working with a person who is by nature disruptive is a challenge. Everyone has
worked with that one person who is never happy, or when they act happy, it is
just that an act. They feed on emotional discord instead of collected thoughts.
They anger quickly and do not flush out the problems at hand. Self-help quotes
litter their office as disregarded thoughts.

You don't need this, I kept telling myself. Be the bigger person, and learn
from your mistakes. I used to lose my cool and take it personal but then
realized my saving grace. It was not me, it's them. They are a contribute their
own misery and that company is not welcome here. Especially when it becomes
evident to others there are issues.

I learned, and pushed to a solution. Reevaluating processes and revamping
procedures. Telling myself you have to laugh everyday, whether it was shit or
not. Push yourself to achieve happiness because its not just going to come.
Achieving true happiness is a balance. Balance is an equation that can be
solved.

Solving that equation is simple. You don't need a plethora of self shit books
to guide your way. You control your destiny. We live in the greatest country in
the world. Getting up brings a new day of challenges and those challenges carve
our place in history. It is liberating to know with each step, and each breath
life is ours.

The world is always full of opportunities and has but one answer. Welcome the
discomfort. Embrace the awkwardness and failures. If you do this I promise your
relationships will flourish. Communication will become the cornerstone of who
you are and not reacting to situations as they come. I know it sounds odd but
I thrive when I get that guttural feeling after something happened. I trained
myself to be okay with it and not shut down. To understand the world happens
around us and we get to decide how we relate.

I truly hope when you read this you understand one thing. Being happy is the
real work in life. It's the 24-7 grind that deserves our attention. The pursuit
of happiness challenges us to be better, dream bigger and do good. When we
become introverted the tunnel grows dark and narrow. Embrace it, own it and go
get it. And always remember, there is light at the end of the tunnel.
